# Reddit Climbing Route Bot

## Summary 
This project implement a python script that comments climbing route info on picture submissions on rock climbing themed subreddits.

PRAW (Python Reddit API Wrapper) is utilized to interact with the Reddit API.
</br>Selenium is utilized to execute JavaScript code on the Mountain Project with a headless Chrome driver.
</br>Beautiful Soup is utilized to parse the HTML generated by Selenium.




</br></br>
## Results

#### Submission Title
Got the flash on Hanging Judge 11b in Clear Creek, CO

#### Generated Comment
>## [Hanging Judge](https://www.mountainproject.com/route/105752059/hanging-judge?search=1&type=route&method=resultsPage&query=Hanging%20Judge "Mountain Project")
>
>Colorado -> Golden -> Clear Creek Canyon -> Wall of Justice
>
>***
>
>Rating: 5.11b YDS
>
>Score Avg: 3.2 from 230 votes
>
>Type: Sport
>
>FA: Alan Nelson, '94
>
>Description:
>
>>Hanging Judge escapes left from the route The Great Escape. Clip two of the same bolts before heading into a long left reach to jugs and fun, thuggy moves pulling over the lip. This is a nice taste of Justice. It has good rock, good moves, and is a bit longer than Officer Friendly, but it is still a short route.
>
>Protection:
>
>>Per Jeff Welch: "5 bolts, fixed draws on all, and fixed lowering biners at the anchors above the lip."
>
>I am a bot, beep boop.
>
>[Feedback](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=ClimbingRouteBot "PM's and comments are monitored! Feedback is welcome.")

Above is an example of a generate comment. 94 comments have been posted as of May 2019. Route identification accuracy on those comments is ~95%.
</br>This can definitely be improved, as well as number of comments posted.
Only sumbmissions with titles fitting a generic format are considered at the moment.
Broadening the scope of the format is a potential improvement, as the nature of reddit submission titles is diverse.




</br></br>
## Execution
To execute the script you must sign up for a Reddit API account.
Then you must create the a text file at that holds the API account credentials.
The text file must be located at the following path (which is relative to rClimbingBot.py):
> \\..\\..\\ClimbingRouteBotInfo.txt

The file must be in the format:
> <1> <2> <3> <4> <5>


</br> With the passholders replaced in this order:
1. client ID
2. client secret
3. username
4. password
5. user agent

After this is completed, simply execute rClimbingBot.py.





</br></br>
## To Do
🗹 Refactor scraping functionality to seperate class.
</br>☐ Redesign comment format to include a table.
</br>☐ Improve route detection accuracy.
</br>☐ Implement Yosemite Decimal System to other grading systems conversion.
</br>☐ Implement check to determine if a submission has already been considered.
